README.rst, before:

dspam-milter README
===================

DSPAM milter is an implementation of the milter interface available in 
several MTAs for DSPAM_, a statistical spam and content filter for e-mail.
The milter talks to the DSPAM daemon over the regular DSPAM socket, using
the DLMTP protocol.

Development of dspam-milter is hosted on Github_, releases can be downloaded
from Pypi_. For questions, bugs and patches, please open an issue_. You can
also try to send an e-mail_.

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/whyscream/dspam-milter.png?branch=master 
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/whyscream/dspam-milter
   :alt: build status

Requirements
============

* Python 2.7 (python)
* DSPAM running in daemon mode
* pymilter_ (python-milter)

Installation
============

To install, run ``pip install dspam-milter`` in order to get everything
installed. If you downloaded/forked the git repository, you can use ``python
setup.py install`` in the repository root.

Milter usage
============

Dspam-milter is a ready to use application. The command ``dspam-milter`` should
have been installed in your path. Behaviour of the daemon can be controlled
by a configuration file. You can create the default config by running 
``dspam-milter --default-config > /etc/dspam-milter.cfg``.

In general, ``dlmtp_*`` settings under ``[dspam]`` need to be configured, and
DSPAM configuration needs to be altered to match these. Details on which
changes need to be made in the DSPAM configuration are also available
in the config file.

When the configuration files have been altered and DSPAM is reloaded to enable
the new config, you can run dspam-milter by executing ``dspam-milter 
--config /etc/dspam-milter.cfg``. There is also an upstart init script available
in the misc/ folder for those running Ubuntu.

Features
========

Currently the package contains:

* dspam.client: A client (python class) that can talk to a DSPAM daemon over a socket.
* dspam.milter: A milter application to use DSPAM classification in an MTA.

Note on Python3 tests
=====================

The test suite is run in Travis, and tests are also enabled for Python3.
This ensures that the code stays compatible with both Python 2 and 3. But 
actually running the package on Python3 requires that all dependencies are
also available on Python3, and that is still in the works for pymilter.


License
=======

The dspam-milter code is available under the New (3-clause) BSD license.
See LICENSE for details.


.. _DSPAM: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dspam
.. _Github: http://github.com/whyscream/dspam-milter
.. _Pypi: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/dspam-milter
.. _issue: https://github.com/whyscream/dspam-milter/issues
.. _e-mail: dspam-milter@whyscream.net
.. _pymilter: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pymilter

Commit message:

Add note to README about python2.7 and dspam-milter EOL.

README.rst, after:

dspam-milter README
===================

NOTE: dpam-milter only works on `python2.7`. Support for `python3.x` is not planned, and upstream support for `python2.7` will end on 2020-01-01. After that date, `dspam-milter` will be obsoleted.


DSPAM milter is an implementation of the milter interface available in 
several MTAs for DSPAM_, a statistical spam and content filter for e-mail.
The milter talks to the DSPAM daemon over the regular DSPAM socket, using
the DLMTP protocol.

Development of dspam-milter is hosted on Github_, releases can be downloaded
from Pypi_. For questions, bugs and patches, please open an issue_. You can
also try to send an e-mail_.

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/whyscream/dspam-milter.png?branch=master 
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/whyscream/dspam-milter
   :alt: build status

Requirements
============

* Python 2.7 (python)
* DSPAM running in daemon mode
* pymilter_ (python-milter)

Installation
============

To install, run ``pip install dspam-milter`` in order to get everything
installed. If you downloaded/forked the git repository, you can use ``python
setup.py install`` in the repository root.

Milter usage
============

Dspam-milter is a ready to use application. The command ``dspam-milter`` should
have been installed in your path. Behaviour of the daemon can be controlled
by a configuration file. You can create the default config by running 
``dspam-milter --default-config > /etc/dspam-milter.cfg``.

In general, ``dlmtp_*`` settings under ``[dspam]`` need to be configured, and
DSPAM configuration needs to be altered to match these. Details on which
changes need to be made in the DSPAM configuration are also available
in the config file.

When the configuration files have been altered and DSPAM is reloaded to enable
the new config, you can run dspam-milter by executing ``dspam-milter 
--config /etc/dspam-milter.cfg``. There is also an upstart init script available
in the misc/ folder for those running Ubuntu.

Features
========

Currently the package contains:

* dspam.client: A client (python class) that can talk to a DSPAM daemon over a socket.
* dspam.milter: A milter application to use DSPAM classification in an MTA.

Note on Python3 tests
=====================

The test suite is run in Travis, and tests are also enabled for Python3.
This ensures that the code stays compatible with both Python 2 and 3. But 
actually running the package on Python3 requires that all dependencies are
also available on Python3, and that is still in the works for pymilter.


License
=======

The dspam-milter code is available under the New (3-clause) BSD license.
See LICENSE for details.


.. _DSPAM: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dspam
.. _Github: http://github.com/whyscream/dspam-milter
.. _Pypi: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/dspam-milter
.. _issue: https://github.com/whyscream/dspam-milter/issues
.. _e-mail: dspam-milter@whyscream.net
.. _pymilter: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pymilter
